NAME                                  INSTALLED                                                   FIXED-IN                                 TYPE       VULNERABILITY        SEVERITY 
apk-tools                             2.10.4-r2                                                   2.10.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-30139       High      
apk-tools                             2.10.4-r2                                                   2.10.7-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-36159       Critical  
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.11-r2                               apk        CVE-2020-8625        High      
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.15-r0                               apk        CVE-2021-25214       Medium    
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.15-r0                               apk        CVE-2021-25215       High      
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.15-r0                               apk        CVE-2021-25216       Critical  
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.4-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8618        Medium    
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.4-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8619        Medium    
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8620        High      
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8621        High      
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8622        Medium    
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8623        High      
bind-libs                             9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8624        Medium    
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.11-r2                               apk        CVE-2020-8625        High      
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.15-r0                               apk        CVE-2021-25214       Medium    
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.15-r0                               apk        CVE-2021-25215       High      
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.15-r0                               apk        CVE-2021-25216       Critical  
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.4-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8618        Medium    
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.4-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8619        Medium    
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8620        High      
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8621        High      
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8622        Medium    
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8623        High      
bind-tools                            9.14.12-r1                                                  9.16.6-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-8624        Medium    
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42374       Medium    
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42376       Medium    
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42378       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42379       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42380       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42381       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42382       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42384       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42385       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42386       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-28391       High      
busybox                               1.30.1-r3                                                   1.30.1-r5                                apk        CVE-2021-28831       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2020-8284        Low       
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-22897       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-22922       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-22923       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-22925       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-22926       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-22946       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-22947       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-22576       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-27774       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-27775       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-27776       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-27781       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-27782       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-32206       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-32207       Critical  
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-32208       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-32221       Critical  
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-35252       Low       
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-43552       Medium    
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2023-23916       High      
curl                                  7.66.0-r3                                                   7.66.0-r4                                apk        CVE-2021-22898       Low       
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go             v1.13.22                                                    1.34.0                                   go-module  GHSA-76wf-9vgp-pj7w  Medium    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go             v1.13.22                                                    1.34.0                                   go-module  GHSA-7f33-f4f5-xwgw  Low       
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go             v1.13.22                                                    1.34.0                                   go-module  GHSA-f5pg-7wfw-84q9  Medium    
github.com/containernetworking/cni    v0.5.2                                                      0.8.1                                    go-module  GHSA-xjqr-g762-pxwp  High      
github.com/docker/distribution        v2.6.0-rc.1.0.20180327202408-83389a148052+incompatible      2.7.0-rc.0                               go-module  GHSA-h62f-wm92-2cmw  High      
github.com/docker/distribution        v2.6.0-rc.1.0.20180327202408-83389a148052+incompatible      2.8.0                                    go-module  GHSA-qq97-vm5h-rrhg  Low       
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2018-10892       Medium    
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2019-13139       High      
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2019-13509       High      
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2019-16884       High      
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2019-5736        High      
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2020-27534       Medium    
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2021-21284       Medium    
github.com/docker/docker              v17.12.0-ce-rc1.0.20180328155642-38588656727d+incompatible                                           go-module  CVE-2021-21285       Medium    
github.com/gogo/protobuf              v1.3.1                                                      1.3.2                                    go-module  GHSA-c3h9-896r-86jm  High      
github.com/miekg/dns                  v1.0.4                                                      1.0.10                                   go-module  GHSA-9jcx-pr2f-qvq5  High      
github.com/miekg/dns                  v1.0.4                                                      1.1.25                                   go-module  GHSA-44r7-7p62-q3fr  Medium    
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec  v1.0.1                                                      1.0.2                                    go-module  GHSA-77vh-xpmg-72qh  Low       
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                                                               go-module  GHSA-vpvm-3wq2-2wvm  High      
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                      1.0.0-rc3                                go-module  GHSA-gp4j-w3vj-7299  Medium    
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                      1.0.0-rc8.0.20190930145003-cad42f6e0932  go-module  GHSA-fgv8-vj5c-2ppq  High      
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                      1.0.0-rc9.0.20200122160610-2fc03cc11c77  go-module  GHSA-fh74-hm69-rqjw  Medium    
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                      1.0.0-rc91                               go-module  GHSA-g54h-m393-cpwq  Low       
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                      1.0.0-rc95                               go-module  GHSA-c3xm-pvg7-gh7r  High      
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                      1.0.3                                    go-module  GHSA-v95c-p5hm-xq8f  Medium    
github.com/opencontainers/runc        v0.1.1                                                      1.1.2                                    go-module  GHSA-f3fp-gc8g-vw66  Medium    
github.com/prometheus/client_golang   v1.7.1                                                                                               go-module  CVE-2022-21698       High      
github.com/prometheus/client_golang   v1.7.1                                                      1.11.1                                   go-module  GHSA-cg3q-j54f-5p7p  High      
golang.org/x/crypto                   v0.0.0-20200220183623-bac4c82f6975                          0.0.0-20201216223049-8b5274cf687f        go-module  GHSA-3vm4-22fp-5rfm  High      
golang.org/x/crypto                   v0.0.0-20200220183623-bac4c82f6975                          0.0.0-20211202192323-5770296d904e        go-module  GHSA-gwc9-m7rh-j2ww  High      
golang.org/x/crypto                   v0.0.0-20200220183623-bac4c82f6975                          0.0.0-20220314234659-1baeb1ce4c0b        go-module  GHSA-8c26-wmh5-6g9v  High      
golang.org/x/net                      v0.0.0-20200520004742-59133d7f0dd7                          0.0.0-20210428140749-89ef3d95e781        go-module  GHSA-h86h-8ppg-mxmh  Medium    
golang.org/x/net                      v0.0.0-20200520004742-59133d7f0dd7                          0.0.0-20210520170846-37e1c6afe023        go-module  GHSA-83g2-8m93-v3w7  High      
golang.org/x/net                      v0.0.0-20200520004742-59133d7f0dd7                          0.0.0-20220906165146-f3363e06e74c        go-module  GHSA-69cg-p879-7622  High      
golang.org/x/net                      v0.0.0-20200520004742-59133d7f0dd7                          0.7.0                                    go-module  GHSA-vvpx-j8f3-3w6h  High      
golang.org/x/sys                      v0.0.0-20200615200032-f1bc736245b1                          0.0.0-20220412211240-33da011f77ad        go-module  GHSA-p782-xgp4-8hr8  Medium    
golang.org/x/text                     v0.3.2                                                      0.3.7                                    go-module  GHSA-ppp9-7jff-5vj2  High      
golang.org/x/text                     v0.3.2                                                      0.3.8                                    go-module  GHSA-69ch-w2m2-3vjp  High      
k8s.io/client-go                      v0.18.6                                                     0.20.0-alpha.2                           go-module  GHSA-8cfg-vx93-jvxw  Medium    
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-3711        Critical  
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-3712        High      
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-4160        Medium    
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-0778        High      
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-1292        Critical  
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-2068        Critical  
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-2097        Medium    
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-4304        Medium    
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-4450        High      
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2023-0215        High      
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2023-0286        High      
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1i-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-1971        Medium    
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1j-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-23839       Low       
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1j-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-23840       High      
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1j-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-23841       Medium    
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1k-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-3449        Medium    
libcrypto1.1                          1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1k-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-3450        High      
libcurl                               7.66.0-r3                                                   7.66.0-r4                                apk        CVE-2021-22898       Low       
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-3711        Critical  
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-3712        High      
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-4160        Medium    
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-0778        High      
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-1292        Critical  
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-2068        Critical  
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-2097        Medium    
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-4304        Medium    
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-4450        High      
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2023-0215        High      
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                                                            apk        CVE-2023-0286        High      
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1i-r0                                apk        CVE-2020-1971        Medium    
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1j-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-23839       Low       
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1j-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-23840       High      
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1j-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-23841       Medium    
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1k-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-3449        Medium    
libssl1.1                             1.1.1g-r0                                                   1.1.1k-r0                                apk        CVE-2021-3450        High      
libxml2                               2.9.9-r4                                                    2.9.9-r5                                 apk        CVE-2021-3517        High      
libxml2                               2.9.9-r4                                                    2.9.9-r5                                 apk        CVE-2021-3518        High      
libxml2                               2.9.9-r4                                                    2.9.9-r5                                 apk        CVE-2021-3537        Medium    
musl                                  1.1.22-r3                                                   1.1.22-r4                                apk        CVE-2020-28928       Medium    
musl-utils                            1.1.22-r3                                                   1.1.22-r4                                apk        CVE-2020-28928       Medium    
protobuf                              3.6.1-r1                                                                                             apk        CVE-2021-22570       Medium    
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42374       Medium    
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42376       Medium    
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42378       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42379       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42380       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42381       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42382       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42384       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42385       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2021-42386       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-28391       High      
ssl_client                            1.30.1-r3                                                   1.30.1-r5                                apk        CVE-2021-28831       High      
zlib                                  1.2.11-r1                                                                                            apk        CVE-2018-25032       High      
zlib                                  1.2.11-r1                                                                                            apk        CVE-2022-37434       Critical  
